and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth show i'm your host
sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly email where i'm sharing
actionable website and marketing tips
useful podcasts free guides goodies and
much much more
every week so you can start your week
off with a bang you can give it a try
over at
[Music]
businessgrowth.email joining me today
i've got matt freya
matt is the vp of revenue operations
over at green lantern matt welcome to
the show sir how are you doing hey
thanks sam good how are you
oh good here man so looking forward to
to a fresh topic today for the podcast
we're gonna be talking all things
revenue operations or rev ups for short
so let's not mess around that first and
foremost what the heck does revenue
operations actually mean for anyone
that's never heard of it before
yeah great question um and first i think
probably highlight what revenue means
right a lot of companies are exploring
building out a revenue department which
sort of focuses on the entire
life cycle of the customer from first
marketing touch point through you know
customer service touch points um and
really how does the company generate
revenue so when you apply the operations
piece to that it's how do we actually
scale all of that
and make it you know high impact
so we are eliminating barriers for our
team eliminating barriers for our
customers and continuing to grow grow
business and grow revenue through that
gotcha okay so talking about eliminating
barriers so can you give us some
examples of what that might
consider from a business sense
yeah sure so i think any business um you
know basically a good place to start
would be doing an audit of what your
customer's journey is
you know basically from the first time
that they are
interacting with your brand whether it's
through
social media or some sort of paid
channel
and then what that funnel or what that
journey looks like um to get them into
becoming a prospect
and then becoming a customer and then
once they are a customer it doesn't end
there right it's how do we get them to
repeat purchase most marketers
understand that
it costs a lot more to acquire new
customers than it does to retain
existing
so understanding that entire journey is
sort of the first piece
and then looking at it from the
customer's journey or customer
standpoint of like how do we actually
improve this process eliminate eliminate
friction in certain areas um that could
be as simple as making it an easier way
to get in contact with you or
auditing the follow-up process once
someone fills out a form on your website
um
and then it's simple things like
implementing emails after they check out
for the first time or purchase your
product to continue to get them
sort of engaged with your brand um and
more likely to purchase um as time goes
on
got it it sounds quite detailed matt
from what you've shared there in terms
of kind of initial touch points right
through to
follow-ups in terms of upselling
customers working with existing
customers right from that initial
starting point the first contact with
that prospect right through to kind of
nurturing existing relationships
yeah yeah definitely
got it so
with that said is revenue operations not
just a fancy word for marketing in sales
it depends on who you ask um
i think it's sort of a way to uh combine
the two efforts often times in in
companies especially as they grow
marketing and sales become siloed right
right you've got sales who are focused
on the revenue generating activities
right now and then marketing is sort of
a longer term
they want to build brand equity they
want to build those long-term touch
points
so the leads that come to the sales team
don't end up drying up
so revenue is sort of a way to
help unite those two
and understand that the marketing and
sales need to really work in concert
with each other um and that even means
interacting with each other on a daily
basis um getting feedback from each
other uh if sales is getting leads that
aren't qualified or aren't converting um
that's good feedback for the marketing
team and a proper marketing team will
take that feedback and yeah you know do
sort of an audit of where they're
generating leads from et cetera so
marketing or sorry revenue operations
can help kind of um help that scale that
process along
gotcha gotcha okay that's interesting so
it'd be good to do a a step-by-step
perhaps of some of the key points that
we should consider if you're doing a um
a revenue operations audit
and that side of things but before we
jump into that and provide some
actionables
what kind of businesses should consider
having a rev up specialist or team
because whenever i've dealt with
companies it only seems to be the larger
scale organizations that seem to have
that dedicated than the job title anyway
or is it something that applies to all
sides of businesses be it startup right
through to kind of large-scale orgs
i think can vary um you know obviously i
work at a 20 person startup so um our
revenue operations is probably a little
bit bigger as far as uh the
responsibilities um at some of the
larger organizations they're going to be
more hyper focused on using data to
basically make decisions um and and sort
of apply scale to their revenue uh
revenue department um but so for a
startup it's really more so um
you know looking at
at there's going to be an inflection
point right for any startup where
they're going to want to start to scale
and i think that's the point when you
you want to start looking into
having a dedicated person thinking about
those revenue operations um
because you know it's going to help
basically
eliminate roadblocks not only for
customers like i mentioned but also
internal team members we want to make
sure that the sales and marketing teams
aren't uh spending gears on things that
they don't need to
and revenue operations can help help do
that
nice and that makes sense right so
yeah let's let's let's put something to
play let's try and give the audience
something tangible so in terms of if a
business said look we want to start
taking revenue operations seriously and
we want to look at an audit what are
some of the
first things that a company can look at
from a rev ups point of view from your
experience about some of the first
things you need to consider
yeah yeah so i think um first i think
the key to everything here is sort of
understanding understanding data is i
guess at the root of
what's going to help drive these
these conversations so um where where
are you getting the majority of your
qualified leads um is the first question
you want to ask and you're asking that
to marketing right um okay so
as as leads come in um you know what are
the ones that are converting at the
highest rate um
because those are going to be your your
outperforming channels um what are
some channels that may be driving a
large volume of leads
um that aren't converting as high so
it's sort of doing an audit of your your
marketing right um can we be spending
time in different areas or rev or sorry
um budget in different areas to better
bring in qualified leads um and then
that next step obviously becomes sales
right that first touch point with sales
uh once they're trying to get someone
converted through the door what do those
touch points look like how much of that
is actually automated versus
a rep reaching out
are there more processes that you can
automate
are there things that are automated that
shouldn't be um okay sometimes calling
someone on the phone uh is you know quit
as soon as you can after
um after a lead form is filled out
is the best way to get them to convert
quickly
and so it's really really understanding
you know usually within a sales
organization
you've got physical reps who are able to
make those calls so it's
it's finding the right mix for your
company of how much of the email is
automated um how much of the email is
personalized from from the actual rep
etc
and then once they do convert and this
is oftentimes the biggest piece that
people miss is what does the follow-up
look like after conversion
and how do we actually get them to adopt
the platform whether it's a sas
technology or
some sort of uh you know physical
product how do we get them to adopt it
um and and really get comfortable with
it as soon as possible so that's where
customer success comes in right um and
understanding again what do we automate
there um do you have a dedicated
customer success person
for these customers that come in
outside of your sales rep right because
you want sales to be focused on sales
and then customer success needs to be
focused on
getting them to that next purchase and
actually having
having a conversation with them or
building guides and things like that to
get them
as comfortable as possible with with
whatever your technology or whatever
your offering is
awesome okay so we've got three points
there where are you actually getting the
leads that are converting
what's not converting well what needs
optimizing what needs cutting out
secondly what's the process of those
sales leads actually going through to
the sales team and how's that working
and then the the follow-up after the
deals over the line to working with
customer success what needs to be
automated how can we work with existing
customers make sure they're happy and
upsell where relevant so let's dive a
bit deeper into each one so in terms of
analyzing the data on what leads are
working what channels are working is
that a case of match just dipping into
the crm and seeing kind of what lead
sources are coming in what's going out
as closed one
what's perhaps not not converting at all
and then
getting rid of the the channels that
just just aren't driving inbound is
there any kind of tips and insights you
can share around that
yeah i think um you know obviously the
first thing is understanding what's
converting um but you do also want to
keep in mind some of your channels are
going to be more brand awareness right
so um even if um you're you're still
keeping some things on but just
reallocating spend some of those higher
performing channels um that's one thing
that you'll you'll hopefully be able to
um keep keep a close eye on um and and i
think even before that is understanding
um
the proper lead attribution model right
sometimes your crm or your automation
platform can
mis attribute leads so um you know
whether it's asking them outright on the
form or asking them on an onboarding
call where they actually heard about
your company in the first place can help
you get a really good idea of uh where
your your lead leads are coming from um
and then obviously looking at um
from those leads who closed uh who
didn't close and why um and i think you
know there's a whole other follow-up
process if you have the bandwidth too um
to understand why they ended up going
with someone else or not taking action
um because those insights can actually
help obviously as you market and as you
onboard more customers
sure
matt from your experience
what is a fair timeline to test a new
marketing channel
and i appreciate that some
might take longer than others i.e if
you're doing organic search if you're
doing seo
depending on how competitive the search
terms are going after that might be six
to 12 months or so whereas if you're
testing a paid channel be it google ads
linkedin ads maybe it's a sponsorship
review site like g2 or capterra
um might be a bit quicker route to
market um from your experience what
tends to be a fair amount of time to
give certain channels before you say
look this isn't working let's cut it and
try something else
yeah you know obviously the pay channels
um are hopefully going to drive results
a little bit quicker um organic is
always the piece that takes takes the
longest so uh definitely agreed 6 to 12
months
we've actually
seen some great success over the last
year with our organic blogging efforts
and driving traffic organically um but
it took it took at least six months to
get there but we we put our heads down
and kind of kept chugging um
as it pertains to paid channels say paid
linkedin or paid
uh facebook or instagram um and then
even any sort of the paid google
channels
um
you know i would say three to six months
a little bit shorter um you know
obviously
three being the least because you want
to give
the algorithm and the audience is a
little bit time of time to
sort of optimize on its own um
and oftentimes when we start a new
campaign we'll start with a smaller
amount of spend in that first month or
two
just to really start to get a feel for
are we even driving any sort of traffic
or any sort of leads from this before we
scale things up and that is the beauty
of of digital marketing platform forms
like that is you can you can apply spend
very tactically and intentionally
yeah
and that's when the tough thing about
come when the tough thing especially was
spending cash depending on where your
business is at of whether it's a a brand
building demand generation play
or whether you want to go direct for
lead gen
um
do any advice on
if you should kind of split a budget
between between these sections and for
anyone that's perhaps not aware what i'm
saying to this is
rather than kind of if you've got a b2b
website direct calls it direct call-ins
or demo requests or form fields those
typically kind of end
sales qualified leads um
whereas a demand gen play might be
you're just looking to educate your
audience maybe with
videos or articles or information in the
social feed about kind of how you help
or giving them new insights new ideas
new stats and then hoping that long term
they're going to see your company as the
leader in your field so when they do
need your help rather than comparing two
or three vendors they go straight to you
because you've educated them so much
what are your thoughts there matt
yeah i think obviously demand generation
is a super hot topic lately um
especially for for brands trying to grow
in the long run um i don't think that
every company should be allocating all
of their resources towards
demand generation at once um i
understand sort of the sense of urgency
to
to get business now but i don't think
that you can not you can execute both at
the same time basically um even if that
means
uh scaling higher with your paid spend
at first uh because you need to drive
leads you need to drive awareness for
your brand especially if you've not done
marketing in the first place
and while that happens
you need to be
shipping stuff daily for the demand gen
piece basically right you need to be
posting blogs you need to be posting
content on linkedin or whatever other
social channels
and engaging where the customer is for
you
because that's a slow steady drum beat
but it's sort of that snowball effect
that starts to take action
and at the same time you can sort of
apply
as you're building that content uh you
can apply your paid spend to that
content right to reach a larger audience
so it sort of accelerates the
um demand generation piece um if you're
smart about your spend so it doesn't all
have to be you know fill out a form type
thing it can just be trying to get a
larger audience to read your blog um and
sometimes using paid efforts to amplify
that uh is a strategy you can take on
gotcha fair enough so let's go to step
two
we've driven some leads now we're
sending them to our sales team in the
hope that they can close something and
get our company some revenue
what are some good ways to analyze the
process and make sure our sales reps
aren't sitting on leads for days on end
um i think i think the first thing is is
talking to your sales team and
understanding
you know
how often are they following up uh do
you have a process in place where
they're actually working with whatever
automated
messages you have going on because
oftentimes with sort of you know the
siloed marketing and sales team the
marketing team wants to create you know
an awesome drip campaign or nurture
campaign and the sales team doesn't even
understand that this is going on so it
can sort of conflict with uh the
outreach that they're making to their
customers so first of all uniting the
two um and improving that communication
so those can work uh together um and
then it's it's understanding um you know
how they're actually interacting with
the customer what does that conversation
look like um and these are again these
are getting into more of the tactical um
sales conversations of um what does that
nurture look like um you know obviously
there's going to be an aspect of of hard
selling and trying to get them in the
door but also
as your marketing creates content
allowing your sales team to share it
with with some of these prospects is a
super huge important piece um
and so
you know how are you feeding that
content to your sales team unders and
making them understand that it's
available for them and to try and use it
as a sort of tool in their sales tool
kit um
and and so i think that's probably a
good place to start um
is is making sure as the pass off
happens that marketing is still
available um and so how are they
available to help the sales team grow
basically as as they continue to nurture
that lead into a conversion
cool
two quick ones matt
should um marketing qualified leads mqls
aka ebook downloads webinar sign ups
newsletter sign ups etc go straight to
the sales team
oh man um
i think it
depends on it's gonna vary um per
company i think obviously there's this
there's this idea out there that
um you know if someone is downloading an
ebook they're not ready to talk sales
yet but it probably depends on the
company so um i'd say talk to your sales
team um and if you're a marketer maybe
make some of those cold calls or or cold
outreach and
and get an understanding if if those
leads actually seem ready to to talk to
sales yet and if not consider putting in
a drip campaign something that sort of
continues those touch points over a two
to three month period but doesn't
immediately you know reach out and sort
of uh come come off as cross because i
think we've all been there where we just
want to read an ebook and we don't want
to deal with someone's call right away
so it's considering that and and
considering where where that prospect is
what you mean marketing will actually
pick up a phone and talk to a customer
yeah the ones that have empathy will
i'm yet to meet many of those
[Laughter]
yeah cool man and on the other side of
the i like that idea by the way i like
actually getting marketing in at the
deep end and saying look this is what
you're sending the sales team now go and
phone one of these prospects and see how
the response goes down then you'll
realize the quality of these
so-called leads and uh
you can maybe kind of work together to
make something better so that's a
a nice approach so on the other end of
the spectrum so sales qualified leads so
someone that's actually raised their
hand perhaps gone to your site gone to
your demo request form or
requested to speak to sales book to call
whatever that kind of high intent way is
that you actually want to have a
conversation
what are some best practices you've seen
matt in terms of kind of sales getting
on to those in terms of speed in terms
of tactics to follow up and
yep that sort of thing yeah
uh but so at least at green lantern we
found that speed is the ante to play so
um as as soon as we can follow up
usually the faster we are to get them on
the phone um and
and get them a demo or get them
you know basically their account
activated on our platform uh the faster
they will convert
and faster they will onboard so it
really is about as soon as that lead
comes through we really try and you know
communicate with them as soon as
possible um oftentimes if there is no
time for them to do a demo we'll make
sure that we have you know obviously
we'll send them videos and stuff how
to's faq stuff like that um so they can
sort of engage on their own time
but it really is as soon as you can
contact them contact them but also have
other options if
if they're not ready um if they they
want to you know whatever they're busy
maybe they can't get on a call
give them the resources to
to get acquainted with your your service
or product
on their own time and then obviously
continue to schedule that follow up
so you can talk to them but also uh make
sure that you know you're not turning
them off and and that's understanding
sort of um
that's gonna be you know obviously very
per business but um you know what are
they
comfortable with or do they feel like
you're coming on strong that type of
thing
sure sure thing and there's plenty of
stats out there that prove that speed to
lead
the the response time if someone is a
high intent prospect and they've said
look i want to speak to sales i want a
demo i want a discovery call whatever it
might be
if you are the first vendor to get in
touch then you you've got a very good
percentage of chance of winning that
business as long as you do in a
professional manner now
you mentioned earlier matt removing
friction
and i think you mentioned kind of the
the process on your website
that you should kind of make it nice and
user-friendly and easy to actually
allow prospects to
take the desired next step but can you
give us some examples feel free to use
your own company or
examples of what you've seen or
online or whatever it might be of some
good ideas on how you can actually
remove the friction and make it nice and
easy for our buyers to actually speak to
sales and take that next step
yeah definitely
well i think that you know obviously
this again starts with with data and
understanding
where is your website traffic coming
from what channels uh and i think that
can help you understand sort of what is
the the mindset of the customer um and
you know first off i think like a super
easy thing to do is just having a you
know contact information form on your
home page so don't actually make them
click to a contact page uh to fill out a
form make sure it's right there
at the bottom of your page or wherever
you want it to be after they've read a
little bit about your company
make it as easy as possible for them to
reach out
and even if they just
want to call right have your phone
number top right these are super
tactical things but um
the more sort of
easy you can make it
to contact your team and get in touch
with someone right away
the easier it will be to to actually you
know
talk to that lead and just
come to them with sort of a
problem-solving mindset which always is
sort of the goal
yeah completely agree i i ramble on
about it all the time but i i do believe
your website is your best sales rep when
you do it right absolutely
because ultimately it's live 24 7
and
on the basis that you actually market it
on channels that your ideal customers
are hanging out on be that google be
that social sites be that review sites
articles podcasts webinars whatever it
may be
then it's going to be better than any
sales rep ultimately a rep can only work
nine to five monday to friday right so
your site can generate a heck of a lot
more opportunities if you invest in that
marketing advertising like you say
clearly show kind of what you do how you
help
back up your claims with social proof
reviews testimonials and then make it
super easy for people to speak to sales
and like you say on their their channel
of choice if that's
phoning you or filling out a form or
booking on the calendar
allowing them to actually
choose the option they want to get in
touch with you rather than forcing them
down a specific funnel it's always
a nice idea to test what works
okay good stuff so we've talked about
kind of analyzing the the leads are
coming in we've talked about then
passing those off to sales
and then
lastly
once we've got those deals on the line
sending them through to our customer
success or our account management team
depending on the size of our org perhaps
the sales reps full cycle and perhaps
they manage that if you're a smaller
business as well um
so what are some good plays when it
comes to customer success matt in terms
of kind of what you've seen what to
avoid or what to do well when it comes
to kind of looking after customers and
suggesting upsells and
things to consider perhaps on the
automation front as well that we can
dive into in a bit
yeah so i think i actually want to start
with what to avoid because i think it's
often overlooked it's like you know
you've got the deal um booked you've got
the contract signed uh and you
automatically assume that that's booked
revenue um and if you're not viewing it
from
we need to expand on this revenue that
we've just created you are gonna you
know you're eventually gonna have
customers who leave and obviously that's
something that you can't avoid but you
can help mitigate and using customer
success which is you know obviously
could be your account management it
could be your sales rep right um but
making sure that there is sort of that
that sense of hurt same sense of urgency
applied to
um
getting the prospect to convert but also
getting them onboarded because it's just
as important for them to have a good
experience the whole way through right
so that's including those onboarding
guides faqs all that type of stuff that
um helps them get comfortable with with
your your service or platform um and
then also having that dedicated rep
who's there to answer questions and i
think um especially with with like sas
technology or any sort of software as a
service um
having someone that they can call or
just email is super super helpful
obviously i think at a lot of the larger
companies they've got you know your chat
bot and all that stuff but being able to
call someone is
you know obviously a huge competitive
advantage to just get someone on the
phone help them solve their issues super
fast um
and then that becomes its own form of
marketing because then you've got uh
you've got them talking to their peers
about um you know i had this
conversation with greenlancer um i
signed up you know they helped me with
all my issues right away all that type
of stuff um and again that period
marketing everyone knows the impact of
that so um just sort of viewing it as an
extension of your marketing i think
helps too and of course i have a
marketing background so i'm i'm biased
but um
it helps you you know continue to to
generate revenue there
nice
yeah yeah so making sure that an issue
on boarding is is nice and smooth and
it's not a case of sales just
chucking you to that to the next person
thinking that they're done with you now
because they've got a commission check
and actually making sure that that
experience is a wholesome one and
they're getting all the info that they
need to i guess get geared up with your
product or your service and make sure
the next step is a is a good one um
what about in terms of
things like
actually
raising kind of pro upsells
and implementing cross sales and those
kind of things any any best practices
you've seen on that front mat
yeah i think it's you know obviously as
the
sales passes off the customer to
customer success um it's really
understanding what the customer's
specific needs are um so that's asking
the right questions of you know how do
you want to grow your business with our
platform or what are the main pain
points that they have specifically and
i'm not talking about like putting
together an icp i'm talking about
actually having conversations with the
customer and then
obviously you know you expect your
customer success rep or team to have a
strong understanding of whatever it is
that your product solves for and then
being able to apply that so if there's
different
different products within your ecosystem
that you can apply to each of those
specific customers i think then that's
you know it's an easy conversation for
an upsell
across sale or different things like
that
yeah yeah yeah it makes sense and making
sure your customer success team are
actually kind of fully clued up with the
sales process in terms of typical
problems that prospects come to you with
how you overcome them what other
recommended products or services are
going to be that similar clients have
gone for and then having those
conversations to see what makes sense
for for prospects as and when they're
ready i guess um in terms of
automations and i appreciate this is
going to vary a lot depending on whether
you're a sas business that's quite a
straightforward product or maybe you've
got some you're selling something that's
a lot more comprehensive and then maybe
you need several days on warning and
walk through with reps because it's a
lot more detailed but are there any kind
of big yeses that you've seen when it
comes to automating the onboarding
process and any kind of big mistakes
that you should try and avoid avoid
yeah uh well so we obviously you know
instant email follow-up um right away
which basically
says you know thanks for signing up all
that stuff um a rep will reach out as
soon as possible to help activate your
account once onboarded
but also we leave options for them to
book time with us
and obviously you know that's pretty
standard functionality with any sort of
crm or automation platform um
and then obviously you know making sure
your sales team is on top of it right so
even automating all of those those sales
tasks and i know it seems super simple
but um it just keeps them on top of
things in an ever in you know increasing
busy day or busy week um so so really
starting there um
and and understanding what's what are
the best things to automate what are the
best things to
you know keep in
sort of that that actual sales physical
follow-up
gotcha
and so we've covered the key points
we've covered kind of assessing leads
we've covered leads going to sales we've
kind of follow up with customer success
are there any other points matt that are
important that we need to consider
before we start reviewing and auditing
our rev ups team and processes
um so i think one thing that and this is
sort of more on the revenue side of the
revenue operations is keeping your ears
sort of to the ground as far as what new
revenue opportunities exist that you can
explore
and i know this is much less operations
but um you know if you have a really
deep understanding of the customer which
as revenue operations you should um then
you could sort of identify new ways to
to create revenue for the company
whether it's introducing a new product
or service um
or even just you know monetizing things
that
haven't been monetized yet
do you think there is
i think one question or one point that's
tough for businesses
is to know when to
ramp up ad spend marketing spend
you name it because let's be honest most
companies are scared to to ramp up
marketing spend especially when the
early stage
and you talk about kind of spending
thousands of dollars on an ad channel or
marketing channel organic seo what it
might be and most most company owners
fall off their chair how do you justify
from your experience or how do you
kind of get buy-in from the c-suite to
say look yeah we've gotten this far we
need to now experiment with some new
channels if we want to grow revenue any
any best practices there
yeah and obviously you know i'm always a
sort of test before you launch type
person uh when it comes to marketing
because i've always worked in startups
so budgets are always um hard to come by
and always yeah to be fought for so um i
think first of all is understanding you
know if you do have any sort of
marketing spend going on right now
that should still be the majority of
your marketing span as long as it's
successful but consider taking 20 or 30
percent of that and allocating it to a
new channel for a testing period whether
you want that to be that three month or
six month period um and then as you test
it first of all you're going to start to
understand things about your customer
you're going to start to understand
things about how they interact with your
your website your product etc
and then you can sort of scale from
there so you can have that test case you
can bring it to the c-suite and say
we tested paid linkedin or we tested
some
light uh organic blogging etc for for
these months and we saw these sort of
results um and so i think that we should
reallocate spend or i want to ask for
whatever five grand a month to spend on
this um
and then it should be a lot easier
because if you're talking to a ceo
they understand money right they
understand making revenue and roi so you
got to talk in those terms uh to get to
get buy in from them
nice one and it makes sense yeah cash
cash certainly talks when it comes to
investing in new channels so get down to
basics nice one matt well yeah i really
appreciate you coming on thanks for
sharing your insights on all things
rev-ops been a pleasure so with that
said please do tell us more everyone
tuning in on how they can learn more
about yourself connect with you get in
touch go ahead mate
yeah absolutely um so i'm sort of again
revenue operations at a company called
green lancer we basically are a solar
design and engine engineering
marketplace for solar installers um
and uh you know obviously focused on
revenue generation
in that
in that space um and and
you know how do we apply scale to sort
of our efforts there
but i've been in marketing for you know
10 10 over 10 years at this point so
i also will do freelance brand and
marketing strategy on the side um i
think everyone's got a side hustle at
this point so um
i've got a website just matthew raya dot
me
you can check out some of my prior work
obviously on linkedin as well um and and
getting more active there i think a lot
of people understand the power of
organic linkedin at this point so um
that's where i am that's where i play um
and uh appreciate you having me on the
call today
no worries at all dude and we'll put all
of those links over on episode show
notes at
businessgrowth.marketing and with that i
want to thank you once again for coming
on matt
great thank you
no worries man and as always if you
enjoyed today's episode why not
subscribe or leave us a quick rating on
your podcast channel of choice and with
that said we should catch you on the
next one for more no bs actionable web
and marketing tips to grow your business
and grow your revenue cheers for tuning
in